fix: Introduce status code regression mitigation (#7465)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/data/errors.mdx

import TopLevelAwait from "../shared/top-level-await.mdx"

> > Apollo Server v4 introduced a regression where providing invalid variables incorrectly yields a 200 status code. The mitigation for this regression is to provide the `status400WithErrorsAndNoData: true` option to your `ApolloServer` constructor. More details can be found [in the migration guide](../migration/#known-regressions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Apollo Server v4 introduced a regression where providing invalid variables yields a 200 status code instead of 400. To mitigate this regression, provide the `status400WithErrorsAndNoData: true` option to your `ApolloServer` constructor. For more information, see the [migration guide](../migration/#known-regressions).
```
